My!
Look at you putting in
the effort, Yamada-chan.
I need to follow your example.
You already have
the perfect smile, Ohno-san.
Do I, now?
Yamada.
Can I ask you for a face shot
and an interview?
What? Corporate PR stuff again?
At least try to hide
your displeasure, Yamada.
I mean, I just did one not too long ago.
It is what it is.
You're a nominee for
the Smile Award again this year.
Wow!
Fine.
Let's get it over and done with!
That's some code-switching skill.
I almost miss the zero-smile Yamada
from your part-time days.
Okay, that should do it.
Interview done.
You can take your break now.
Hey, boss?
Back when this store had a different name,
there was a guy who snapped at
a customer who had it out for me.
Remember him?
Huh? Do you have any idea how many
of those I've seen in all my years here?
Not a chance.
I don't remember that at all.
Well, even I don't remember his face.
He always smoked by the entrance
after shopping with us.
He was a man with
ruffled hair, battered shirts,
and awful bags under his eyes.
He stopped showing up after we
removed that ashtray due to a complaint.
I wonder if he's still
smoking somewhere else.